{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 DejaVu Sans;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Hindi;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset1 Lohit Hindi;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sb0\sa120 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sb0\sa120\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
}{\info{\author Kyle Wilson}{\creatim\yr2014\mo4\dy11\hr10\min7}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67175170}}\deftab709
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
JSONModels, LMAlertView, PPSSignatureView, and RNCryptor are all licensed under the MIT license:\line \line The MIT License (MIT)\line \line Copyright (c) 2010 - 2013 Rob Napier (RNCryptor), Marin Todorov (JSONModels), Lee McDermott (LMAlertView), Jason Harwig (PPSSignatureView) ( }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:jason@pinepointsoftware.com" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
jason@pinepointsoftware.com}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}} )\line \line Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\line \line The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\line \line THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\line THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\line \line Additional Copyright information for RNCryptor:\line \line Copyright (c) 2008 Damien Bergamini <}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:damien.bergamini@free.fr" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
damien.bergamini@free.fr}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}}>\line Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\line purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\line copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\line THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\line \line Copyright (c) 2006-2010 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.\line \line @APPLE_LICENSE_HEADER_START@\line \line This file contains Original Code and/or Modifications of Original Code\line as defined in and that are subject to the Apple Public Source License\line Version 2.0 (the 'License'). You may not use this file except in compliance with the License. Please obtain a copy of the License at }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.opensource.apple.com/apsl/" \\t "_blank" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.opensource.apple.com/apsl/}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}} and read it before using this file.\line \line The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are\line distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER\line EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES,\line INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\line FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.\line Please see the License for the specific language governing rights and\line limitations under the License.\line \line @APPLE_LICENSE_HEADER_END@}
\par }